living editor Nancy ironheart is joining
me now to show us how to make a
delicious BLT in today's between the
bread okay Nancy so BLT very classic
sandwich staple what makes this one
different this one just for a little bit
of extra creaminess uses feta cheese
okay so other than feta cheese what else
do we have in it well we obviously have
bacon lettuce and tomato mm-hmm the
basics basics a little bit of salt and
pepper
this feta and cream cheese mixture is
also a little salt and pepper and two
slices of multigrain bread okay and
what's the first step to assembling this
so the first step would be to toast the
bread just really really lightly which
I've already done here and then you're
gonna take this feta cream cheese
mixture and spread it liberally on to
one of the slices of bread okay and this
is just equal parts feta and cream
cheese with a little bit of salt and
pepper for seasoning and just mix
together yeah just mix together to the
fork very simple and very delicious and
now would you serve it cold or what you
heat it up yeah if I actually were doing
this at my home kitchen I would just pop
this slice into the oven for just a few
minutes just long enough to kind of warm
the cheese but not make it too melty
okay and now what comes after the cheese
after the cheese is the beautiful
tomatoes we have here and not tomatoes
are in season right yes they're in
season right now and I really just won't
even waste my time making a BLT
unless it's summertime because they are
just so good and they're gonna be the
star of this sandwich and don't be
afraid if they kind of hang over a
little bit okay and then after that
we've got our bacon okay and for the
bacon do you put it in a pan do you put
in the oven and how do you prepare well
you can cook it however you prefer I
like to cook in the oven but today I
actually cooked it in the microwave
because it's so hot out and I didn't
want to turn on the oven it's about five
minutes in the microwave and it turns
out really crispy and delicious so use
about three pieces of bacon is a good
for one sandwich
okay unless you really love bacon right
you can put more it's really fine and
then we're gonna put a little bit of
romaine lettuce just for some extra
crispy crunch yeah you know make you
feel like you're eating something
healthy yeah as you said there's a
reason this is a favorite yes I mean all
these flavors together are just
credible and then you know you want to
just do a little bit of salt and pepper
to kind of give the tomatoes bring out
some of the flavor in the tomatoes and I
actually like to add salt and pepper to
all of my sandwiches and then we'll put
the last slice of bread here mm-hmm and
then slice it in half that's a big
sandwich
well the lettuce makes it very
voluminous but I think that it really
helps the crispness of it so here I'll
let you have it sliced I'm gonna go and
see yeah let me know what you think and
now what was sort of the inspiration for
you to try this well I feel like a lot
of restaurants now are putting avocados
on our BLTs which I really love but this
was actually inspired by a Spanish top
of it uses a goat cheese bacon and
tomato so it's got a little Spanish
influence and do you find that you're
seeing be able to use in more menus or
yeah I feel like I'm seeing BLTs with
lots of different variety you know
they've got a fried egg on them or
they've got an avocado on them I mean
really as long as you have these three
ingredients to start you can really do
all kinds of variations on it and it's
always delicious well I love the cheese
I think it complements everything really
well thank you yeah it's not too
decadent actually okay seems like it
would be perfect to me thank you thank
you thanks so much Nancy
thanks for having me